y y calling out for her missing mother
Su knows she's most likely dead her body
still trapped somewhere under this
trouble the air strike inun in sing Gaza
also killed Summer's uncles and
cousins we woke up and got the news we
came running looking for my mother we
found destruction Beyond human
understanding children were asleep they
are innocent and they were asleep they
were Torn to
Pieces the Palestinian civil defense has
estimated that some 7,000 bodies are
still trapped under the rubble bereaved
families are left without even a body to
bury it's enough we hope to God that
there will be a ceasefire because we've
lost a lot we lost all our loveed ones
we have nothing left enough for the sake
of God have a ceasefire enough we're
tired we've been broken and humiliated
enough this used to be Abu Muhammad's
home in October the apartment Tower was
bombed killing his granddaughter and
hundreds of
others when the tower was bombed there
were 380 people in it the original
residents had taken and displaced people
and the number of people living in the
tower more than doubled it was hit in
the afternoon in broad daylight without
any prior
notice 7 months later dozens of bodies
are still unaccounted for they're among
the thousands of missing Palestinians in
Gaza when Israeli forces truck this
family home in dead bah an entire family
of six were killed some bodies were
recovered but others Wen it took hours
for the civil defense team to help
rescue Al haaj family with their bare
hands and basic equipments they failed
to rescue mhamad
and this is
Altin make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer